1. “Just don’t give up what you’re trying to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong.” – Ella Fitzgerald, American jazz singer
2. “Don’t aspire to make a living, aspire to make a difference.” – Denzel Washington, American actor and filmmaker
3. “The future rewards those who press on. I don’t have time to feel sorry for myself. I don’t have time to complain. I’m going to press on.” – Barack Obama, 44th US president
4. “Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly.” – Langston Hughes, poet, social activist, novelist, and playwright
5. “There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.” – Malcolm X, human rights activist
6. “Have a vision of excellence, a dream of success, and work like hell.” – Dr. Samuel DuBois Cook, political scientist
7. “Stretch your mind and fly.” – Whitney M. Young, Jr., civil rights leader
8. “I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you really want to go.” – Langston Hughes, poet, social activist, novelist, and playwright
9. “Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.” – Barack Obama, 44th US president
10. “If you can’t fly then run, if you can’t run then walk, if you can’t walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” – Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Baptist minister and activist
11. “Don’t let anyone rob you of your imagination, your creativity, or your curiosity. It’s your place in the world; it’s your life. Go on and do all you can with it, and make the life you want to live.” – Mae Jemison, engineer, physician, and former NASA astronaut
12. “Have a vision. Be demanding.” – Colin Powell, former US Secretary of State
13. “Hold on to your dreams of a better life and stay committed to striving to realize it.” – Earl G. Graves, Sr., entrepreneur, philanthropist, and advocate of African-American businesses
14. “We will all, at some point, encounter hurdles to gaining access and entry, moving up and conquering self-doubt; but on the other side is the capacity to own opportunity and tell our own story.” – Stacey Abrams, former Georgia state representative
15. “Education is transformational. It changes lives. That is why people work so hard to become educated and why education has always been the key to the American Dream, the force that erases arbitrary divisions of race and class and culture and unlocks every person’s God-given potential.” – Condoleezza Rice, former US Secretary of State
16. “Won’t it be wonderful when black history and Native American history and Jewish history and all of U.S. history is taught from one book. Just U.S. history.” – Maya Angelou, Pulitzer-prize nominated poet
17. “The time is always right to do what is right.” – Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Baptist minister and activist
18. “Bringing the gifts that my ancestors gave, I am the dream and the hope of the slave. I rise. I rise. I rise.” – Maya Angelou, Pulitzer-prize nominated poet
19. “I had no idea that history was being made. I was just tired of giving up.” – Rosa Parks, civil rights activist
20. “I don’t want a Black History Month. Black history is American history.” – Morgan Freeman, actor, director, and narrator
21. “I’m hungry for knowledge. The whole thing is to learn every day, to get brighter and brighter. That’s what this world is about. You look at someone like Gandhi, and he glowed. Martin Luther King glowed. Muhammad Ali glows. I think that’s from being bright all the time, and trying to be brighter.” – Jay-Z, rapper, record producer, and entrepreneur
22. “Black History Month must be more than just a month of remembrance; it should be a tribute to our history and reminder of the work that lies in the months and years ahead.” – Marty Meehan, American academic administrator, politician, and attorney
23. “Ours is not the struggle of one day, one week, or one year. Ours is not the struggle of one judicial appointment or presidential term. Ours is the struggle of a lifetime, or maybe even many lifetimes, and each one of us in every generation must do our part.” – John Lewis, American politician and civil rights activist
24. “National Black History Month serves as both a celebration and a powerful reminder that Black history is American history, Black culture is American culture, and Black stories are essential to the ongoing story of America—our faults, our struggles, our progress, and our aspirations. Shining a light on Black history today is as important to understanding ourselves and growing stronger as a Nation as it has ever been.” – Joe Biden, 46th US president
25. “Impossible is just a big word thrown around by small men who find it easier to live in the world they’ve been given than to explore the power they have to change it. Impossible is not a fact. It’s an opinion. Impossible is not a declaration. It’s a dare. Impossible is potential. Impossible is temporary. Impossible is nothing.” – Muhammad Ali, professional boxer and activist
26. “I am lucky that whatever fear I have inside me, my desire to win is always stronger.” – Serena Williams, professional American tennis player
27. “I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can’t accept not trying.” – Michael Jordan, former professional basketball player
28. “When I look at the future, it’s so bright it burns my eyes.” – Oprah Winfrey, American talk show host, television producer, actress, author, and philanthropist
29. “If there is no struggle, there is no progress.” – Frederick Douglass, American social reformer, abolitionist, and writer
30. “Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome while trying to succeed.” – Booker T. Washington, American educator, author, orator, and adviser to several US presidents
31. “We all have dreams. In order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline and effort.” – Jesse Owens, American track and field athlete
32. “Every time you state what you want or believe, you’re the first to hear it. It’s a message to both you and others about what you think is possible. Don’t put a ceiling on yourself.” – Oprah Winfrey, American talk show host, television producer, actress, author, and philanthropist
33. “Dreams are lovely but they are just dreams. Fleeting, ephemeral, pretty. But dreams do not come true just because you dream them. It’s hard work that makes things happen. It’s hard work that creates change.” – Shonda Rhimes, television screenwriter
34. “Even in dark times, we not only dream, we do. We not only see what has been, we see what can be. We shoot for the moon, and then we plant our flag on it. We are bold, fearless, and ambitious. We are undaunted in our belief that we shall overcome; that we will rise up. This is American aspiration.” – Kamala Harris, US vice president
35. “Success isn’t about how much money you make, it’s about the difference you make in people’s lives.” – Michelle Obama, former US first lady, attorney, and author
36. “If you have no critics you’ll likely have no success.” – Malcolm X, human rights activist
37. “It isn’t where you come from; it’s where you’re going that counts.” – Ella Fitzgerald, American jazz singer
38. “I need to see my own beauty and to continue to be reminded that I am enough, that I am worthy of love without effort, that I am beautiful, that the texture of my hair and that the shape of my curves, the size of my lips, the color of my skin, and the feelings that I have are all worthy and okay.” – Tracee Ellis Ross, actress
39. “We have always been wonderful. I see us reflected in the world’s most heavenly things. Black is king. We were beauty before they knew what beauty was.” – Beyoncé Knowles, singer, songwriter, actress, and dancer
40. “As black women, we’re always given these seemingly devastating experiences—experiences that could absolutely break us. But what the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls the butterfly. What we do as black women is take the worst situations and create from that point.” – Viola Davis, actress and producer
41. “One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don’t invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.” – Michelle Obama, former US first lady, attorney, and author
42. “I am America. I am the part you won’t recognize. But get used to me. Black, confident, cocky; my name, not yours; my religion, not yours; my goals, my own; get used to me.” – Muhammad Ali, professional boxer and activist
43. “Being a Black woman writer is not a shallow place but a rich place to write from. It doesn’t limit my imagination; it expands it. It’s richer than being a white male writer because I know more and I’ve experienced more.” – Toni Morrison, American novelist
44. “Character is power.” – Booker T. Washington, American educator, author, orator, and adviser to several US presidents
45. “A people without knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.” – Marcus Garvey, Jamaican political activist
46. “Even if it makes others uncomfortable, I will love who I am.” – Janelle Monáe, American singer
47. “When we’re talking about diversity, it’s not a box to check. It is a reality that should be deeply felt and held and valued by all of us.” – Ava DuVernay, American filmmaker
48. “The very serious function of racism is distraction. It keeps you from doing your work. It keeps you explaining, over and over again, your reason for being.” – Toni Morrison, American novelist
49. “We need to internalize this idea of excellence. Not many folks spend a lot of time trying to be excellent.” – Barack Obama, 44th US president

50. “I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.” – Nelson Mandela, former president of South Africa
51. “He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.” – Muhammad Ali, professional boxer and activist
52. “There is always light, if only we’re brave enough to see it. If only we’re brave enough to be it.” – Amanda Gorman, American poet and activist
53. “My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.” – Desmond Tutu, South African Anglican bishop and theologian
54. “I am no longer accepting the things I cannot change. I am changing the things I cannot accept.” – Angela Y. Davis, American political activist, philosopher, academic, and author
55. “I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear.” – Rosa Parks, civil rights activist
56. “I prayed for freedom for twenty years, but received no answer until I prayed with my legs.” – Frederick Douglass, American social reformer, abolitionist, and writer
57. “My biggest discovery was that you can literally re-create your life. You can redefine it. You don’t have to live in the past. I found that not only did I have fight in me, I had love.” – Viola Davis, actress and producer
58. “Truth is powerful and it prevails.” – Sojourner Truth, American abolitionist
59. “If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.” – Marcus Garvey, Jamaican political activist
60. “When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.” – Audre Lorde, writer, radical feminist, professor, and civil rights activist
61. “Life is not a spectator sport. If you’re going to spend your whole life in the grandstand just watching what goes on, in my opinion, you’re wasting your life.” – Jackie Robinson, American baseball player
62. “I felt that one had better die fighting against injustice than to die like a dog or rat in a trap. I had already determined to sell my life as early as possible if attacked. I felt if I could take one lyncher with me, this would even up the score a little bit.” – Ida B. Wells, American investigative journalist, educator, and early leader in the civil rights movement
63. “We will not march back to what was, but move to what shall be: a country that is bruised but whole, benevolent but bold, fierce and free.” – Amanda Gorman, American poet and activist
64. “If they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair.” – Shirley Chisholm, former US representative
65. “Developing a good work ethic is key. Apply yourself at whatever you do because that work ethic will be reflected in everything you do in life.” – Tyler Perry, American actor, filmmaker, playwright, and entrepreneur
66. “A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.” – Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Baptist minister and activist
67. “Go out there and swear to this world your oath, not with your words, but with what you do. Not with your hand over your heart, but with your hand outstretched to a world that desperately needs your hand, your help, your insights, your creativity, your honor, your courage. It needs you.” – Cory Booker, US senator from New Jersey
68. “A leader…is like a shepherd. He stays behind the flock, letting the most nimble go out ahead, whereupon the other follow, not realizing that all along they are being directed from behind.” – Nelson Mandela, former president of South Africa
69. “I had to make my own living and my own opportunity. But I made it! Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them.” – Madam C.J. Walker, African American entrepreneur, philanthropist, and political and social activist
70. “The mere imparting of information is not education. Above all things, the effort must result in making a man think and do for himself.” – Carter G. Woodson, American historian, author, journalist, and the founder of the Association for the Study of African American Life and History
71. “If your success is defined as being well adjusted to injustice and well adapted to indifference, then we don’t want successful leaders. We want great leaders who love the people enough and respect the people enough to be unbought, unbound, unafraid, and unintimidated to tell the truth.” – Dr. Cornel West, American philosopher and political activist

1. "Everything in the world is about sex except sex. Sex is about power." — Oscar Wilde
2. "Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it." — Richard P. Feynman
3. "We are all born sexual creatures, thank God, but it's a pity so many people despise and crush this natural gift." — Marilyn Monroe
4. "Some of the best moments in life are the ones you can't tell anyone about." — Sarah Nader

5. "Those sweet lips. My, oh my, I could kiss those lips all night long. Good things come to those who wait." — Jess C. Scott
6. "And yet another moral occurs to me now: Make love when you can. It's good for you." — Kurt Vonnegut
7. "Tell me what a person finds sexually attractive and I will tell you their entire philosophy of life." — Ayn Rand
8. "Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble." — John Barrymore

9. "Sex without love is as hollow and ridiculous as love without sex." — Hunter S. Thompson
10. "I swear to you I won't stop until your legs are shaking and the neighbors know my name." — Horace Cope
11. "Sex is an emotion in motion." — Mae West
12. "I don’t have a dirty mind, I have a sexy imagination."


13. "Sex is like money; only too much is enough." — John Updike
14. "Sex pretty much cures everything." — Chuck Palahniuk
15. "Sex is... perfectly natural. It's something that's pleasurable. It's enjoyable and it enhances a relationship. So why don't we learn as much as we can about it and become comfortable with ourselves as sexual human beings because we are all sexual?" — Sue Johanson
16. "If you don’t laugh during sex at least once, you’re having sex with the wrong person."

17. "Love is an ice cream sundae, with all the marvelous coverings. Sex is the cherry on top." — Jimmy Dean
18. "I need you and I want you. Butt naked. In my bed. Right now."
19. "I make love with a focus and intensity that most people reserve for sleep." — Dark Jar Tin Zoe

21. “Sex is always about emotions. Good sex is about free emotions. Bad sex is about blocked emotions.” ― Deepak Chopra
22. “I had a feeling that Pandora's box contained the mysteries of woman's sensuality, so different from a man's and for which man's language was so inadequate. The language of sex had yet to be invented. The language of the senses was yet to be explored.” ― Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus
23. “Some day every woman will have orgasms- like every family has color TV- and we can all get on with the business of life.” ― Erica Jong, How to Save Your Own Life
24. "'Sex' is as important as eating or drinking and we ought to allow the one appetite to be satisfied with as little restraint or false modesty as the other." — Marquis de Sade
25. "Some things are better than sex, and some are worse, but there’s nothing exactly like it." — W. C. Fields
26. "The function of muscle is to pull and not to push, except in the case of the genitals and the tongue." — Leonardo da Vinci
32. "Sick and perverted always appeals to me." — Madonna
37. "I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty." — George Burns
38. "I want to undress you, vulgarize you a bit." — Henry Miller

47. “I'll come and make love to you at five o'clock. If I'm late start without me.” ― Tallulah Bankhead
48. "In my sex fantasy, nobody ever loves me for my mind." — Nora Ephron
49. "I thank God I was raised Catholic, so sex will always be dirty." — John Waters
50. "I'll make sure you're having a good time, and that you're okay with everything. I just won't be well mannered about it." — Samantha Young
59. "A gentleman holds my hand. A man pulls my hair. A soulmate will do both." — Alessandra Torre
60. "Spank me. It's the only way I learn."

61. “If it is the dirty element that gives pleasure to the act of lust, then the dirtier it is, the more pleasurable it is bound to be.” ― Marquis de Sade, The 120 Days of Sodom
62. "If you kiss my neck, I’m not responsible for what happens next…" — Stan Dupp
63. "It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure." — Marquis de Sade
64. "The only unnatural sex act is that which you cannot perform." — Alfred Kinsey
65. “Of all sexual aberrations, chastity is the strangest.” ― Anatole France
66. “It's just not as hot without biting, scratching, and spanking, involved.” ― Jennifer Salaiz
67. “Being spanked is the ultimate obedience, the final pleasure. It is life on the highwire.” ― Chloe Thurlow, The Secret Life of Girls
68. "I want to touch the parts of you no one else has touched. I want to own the piece of you that has yet to be discovered. So stop resisting. Let go. Let it happen.” — David Hollan in Requested Surrender
69. "He snaked an arm around her waist and pulled her into him with an unyielding strength. She’d been unmistakably seized." — Elizabeth SaFleur
71. "I believe that sex is one of the most beautiful, natural, wholesome things that money can buy." — Steve Martin
72. "Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home. I'm tired." — Mae West
73. "I like sex for breakfast, kid. I eat early and often." ― Karen Marie Moning, Iced

76. "No woman gets an orgasm from shining the kitchen floor." — Betty Frieda
77. "Good sex is like good bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand." — Mae West
78. "She was pleased to have him come and never sorry to see him go." — Dorothy Parke
82. "Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is not the reason we are doing it." — Richard P. Feynman
83. "Good girls go to heaven and bad girls go everywhere." — Helen Gurley Brown
84. "I never understood why anyone would have sex on the floor. Until I was with you and I realized: you don't ever realize you're on the floor.” — David Levithan
85. “I think we can all agree that sleeping around is a great way to meet people.” — Chelsea Handler
86. “Sex and golf are the two things you can enjoy even if you’re not good at them.” — Kevin Costner
87. "She was made for untidy rooms and rumpled beds." — Alexander McCall Smith
88. "Now spread your legs and try to tell me about your day." — Loris Price
90. "When sex involves all the senses intensely, it can be like a mystical experience." — Jim Morrison
91. "This last night we tear into each other, as if to wound, as if to find the key to everything before morning." — Michael Ondaatje
92. "Take her like it's the first time and the last time every single time." — JmStorm
94. "She tasted sweet, like oranges, liquid sunshine in my mouth as we kissed, our tongues playing together." — Selena Kittde
95. “To have her here in bed with me, breathing on me, her hair in my mouth — I count that something of a miracle.” ― Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer
96. "The only sea I saw Was the seesaw sea With you riding on it. Lie down, lie easy. Let me shipwreck in your thighs." — Dylan Thomas
97. "You are enough to drive a saint to madness or a king to his knees." — Grace Willows
98. "Maybe you could be mine / or maybe we’ll be entwined / aimless in this sexless foreplay." — Jess C Scott
99. "So sweet and delicious do I become, when I am in bed with a man who, I sense, loves and enjoys me, that the pleasure I bring excels all delight, so the knot of love, however tight it seemed before, is tied tighter still." — Veronica Franco
1. “I’ll have what she’s having.” —Woman in diner, When Harry Met Sally
2. “These people are so posh and snobby, they’re snoshy.” —Peik Lin Goh, Crazy Rich Asians
3. “Well, nobody’s perfect.” —Osgood Fielding III, Some Like It Hot
4. “Bye, Felicia.” —Craig, Friday
5. “It’d be a lot cooler if you did.” —Wooderson, Dazed and Confused
6. “Oh right, to call you stupid would be an insult to stupid people … I’ve worn dresses with higher IQs.” —Wanda, A Fish Called Wanda
7. “There’s no crying in baseball!” —Jimmy Dugan, A League of Their Own
8. “Gentlemen, you can’t fight in here! This is the War Room.” —President Merkin Muffley, Dr. Strangelove
9. “Big mistake. Big. Huge.” —Vivian, Pretty Woman
10. “The numbers all go to 11.” —Nigel Tufnel, Spinal Tap
11. “He slimed me.” —Peter Venkman, Ghostbusters
12. “I am serious, and don’t call me Shirley.” —Dr. Rumack, Airplane
13. “Bueller … Bueller … Bueller … Bueller?” —Economics teacher, Ferris Bueller’s Day Off
14. “How the hell did you get the beans above the frank?” —Mary’s dad, There’s Something About Mary
15. “‘You look tired’ means ‘you look old.’ And ‘you look rested’ means ‘you’ve had collagen.'” —Albert, The Birdcage
16. “I have nipples, Greg. Could you milk me?” —Jack Byrnes, Meet the Parents
17. “I’ll be taking these Huggies and whatever cash you got.” —H.I. McDunnough, Raising Arizona
18. “Welcome to earth! (*pulls out a cigar*) Now that’s what I call a close encounter.” —Captain Steven Hiller, Independence Day
19. “Face it, girls. I’m older, and I have more insurance.” —Evelyn, Fried Green Tomatoes
20. “You relax. You’re the dead guy.” —Oda Mae Brown, Ghost
21. “Napoleon, don’t be jealous that I’ve been chatting online with babes all day.” —Kip Dynamite, Napoleon Dynamite
22. “If we get any more white people in here this is gonna be a suburb.” —Motormouth Maybelle, Hairspray
23. “That’s what I said! So if he can’t move, how’s he gonna sit down, George? I was a stand-up tomato: a juicy, sexy, beefsteak tomato.” —Michael Dorsey, Tootsie
24. “Fasten your seatbelts. It’s going to be a bumpy night.” —Margo Channing, All About Eve
25. “Snakes. Why did it have to be snakes?” —Indiana Jones, Raiders of the Lost Ark
26. “You’d never know it. They look just like new.” —Lorelei Lee, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes
27. “Shut up and deal.” —Miss Kubelik, The Apartment
28. “The fall will probably kill ya!” —Butch Cassidy, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
﻿﻿﻿﻿"You're gonna need a bigger boat." —Chief Brody, Jaws
﻿﻿﻿﻿"You were never four and a half, you were born 26." —Paula McFadden, The Goodbye Girl 
﻿﻿﻿﻿"You know, you drive almost slow enough to drive Miss Daisy." —Mike Lowrey, Bad Boys
﻿﻿﻿﻿"That's called the 'quart of blood' technique. Do that, a quart of blood will drop out a person's body." —Billy Ray Valentine, Trading Places
﻿﻿﻿﻿"By all means move at a glacial pace, you know how that thrills me." —Miranda Priestly, The Devil Wears Prada
﻿﻿﻿﻿"I was just inches from a clean getaway." —Garrett Breedlove, Terms of Endearment
﻿﻿﻿﻿"Please. Have mercy. I've been wearing the same underwear since Tuesday." —Neal Page, Planes, Trains and Automobiles
﻿﻿﻿﻿"If I cut my ears off I'd still be able to hear her through my nose." —Eugene Morris Jerome, Brighton Beach Memoirs
"I don't know how to put this but... I'm kind of a big deal." —Ron Burgundy, Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
﻿﻿﻿﻿"Oh yeah, you blend." —Mona Lisa Vito, My Cousin Vinny
﻿﻿﻿﻿"I had a great evening; it was like the Nuremberg Trials." —Mickey, Hannah and Her Sisters
﻿﻿﻿﻿"You stink. You smell like beef and cheese. You don't smell like Santa." —Buddy the Elf, Elf
﻿﻿﻿﻿"Well, I don't know what to say, except that it's Christmas and we're all in misery." — Audrey, Christmas Vacation
﻿﻿﻿﻿"4:00, wallow in self-pity; 4:30, stare into the abyss; 5:00, solve world hunger, tell no one; 5:30, Jazzercize; 6:30, dinner with me—| can't cancel that again; 7:00, wrestle with my self-loathing ... I'm booked. Of course, if I bump the loathing to 9, I could still be done in time to lay in bed, stare at the ceiling and slip slowly into madness." —The Grinch, How the Grinch Stole Christmas (2000)
﻿﻿﻿﻿"Call me elf one more time." —Miles Finch, Elf
48. "Does it sound like I'm ordering a pizza?" —John McClane, Die Hard

﻿﻿﻿﻿"There are children throwing snowballs instead of throwing heads, they're busy building toys and absolutely no one's dead." —Jack Skellington, The Nightmare Before Christmas
﻿﻿﻿﻿"You'll shoot your eye out, kid." —Santa, A Christmas Story
﻿﻿﻿﻿"Snap out of it!" —Loretta, Moonstruck
﻿﻿﻿﻿"So, you're telling me there's a chance!" —Lloyd, Dumb and Dumber
﻿﻿﻿﻿"Love is patient, love is kind, love means slowly losing your mind." —Kevin, 27 Dresses
﻿﻿﻿﻿"l've never been so scared in my entire life, and I once shared an elevator with Saddam Hussein." —Charlotte, Long Shot
﻿﻿﻿﻿"As you wish." —Westley, The Princess Bride
﻿﻿﻿﻿"I hate it when you lie. I hate it when you make me laugh, even worse when you make me cry. hate it when you're not around, and the fact that you didn't call. But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you. Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all." —Kat, 10 Things I Hate About You
﻿﻿﻿﻿"I can't believe it. I'm in love. I'm in love with a young, handsome, talented duke." —Satine,Moulin Rouge
More is lost by indecision than wrong decision.” —Tony Soprano in The Sopranos
“No need to seize the last word, Lord Baelish. I’ll assume it was something clever.” —Sansa Stark in Game of Thrones
“We have got to go back, Kate.” —Jack Shephard in Lost
“What you call ‘love’ was invented by guys like me to sell nylons.” —Don Draper in Mad Men
“It’s human nature to come together.” —Rick Grimes in The Walking Dead
“Family you can see anytime. But a one-night stand only happens one night.” —Blanche Devereaux in The Golden Girls
“I drink from the keg of glory, Donna. Bring me the finest muffins and bagels in all the land.” —Josh Lyman in The West Wing
“I’m not gonna ask you if you just said what I think you just said because I know it’s what you just said.” —Agent Dana Scully in The X-Files
“Well, I’m not exactly quaking in my stylish, yet affordable, boots.” —Buffy Summers in Buffy the Vampire Slayer
“Ironically, in astronomy the word ‘revolution’ means a celestial object that comes full circle. Which if you think about it, is pretty funny considering here on earth it means change.” —Mike Milligan in Fargo
“He wanted to stop and chat with me. And I don’t know him well enough for a stop and chat.” —Larry David in Curb Your Enthusiasm
“Ever since we said ‘I do,’ there are so many things we don’t.” —Lucy Ricardo in I Love Lucy
“I am a witch. A real house-haunting, broom-riding, cauldron-stirring witch.” —Samantha Stephens in Bewitched
“Do I remember Adrian Monk? That’s like asking the Titanic if it remembers the iceberg.” —Ralph “Father” Roberts in Monk
“I learned one thing about eating jigsaw puzzles … an hour later, you’re hungry again.” —ALF in ALF
“I don’t want to be happy; I want to be with you.” —Stanley Roper in Three’s Company
“Look, all I know is what they taught me at command school. There are certain rules about a war, and rule No. 1 is young men die. And rule No. 2 is doctors can’t change rule No. 1.” —Henry Blake in MASH
“I don’t have anything against education—as long as it doesn’t interfere with your thinking.” —Ben Cartwright in Bonanza
“Oh, no, no. I cannot read minds, Master. Oh, but I have a friend, Nostradamus, who does a marvelous job of…” —Jeannie in I Dream of Jeannie
“Anyone who says money can’t buy happiness doesn’t know where to shop.” —Eunice “Lovey” Wentworth Howell in Gilligan’s Island
“You’ve got to know the rules before you can break ’em. Otherwise, it’s no fun.” —Sonny Crockett in Miami Vice
“Our first assignment is a documentary. They’re like real movies but with ugly people.” —Abed Nadir in Community
“Welcome to the real world. It sucks. You’re gonna love it!” —Monica Geller in Friends
“I just said ‘bet your buns’ to a nun. Is that a sin?” —Laverne DeFazio in Laverne & Shirley
“Once again I humiliate myself by assuming I’m a member of this family.” —Arthur Spooner in The King of Queens
“I can’t talk, there’s too much fruit in the house!” —Marie Barone in Everybody Loves Raymond
“Cut. It. Out.” —Joey Gladstone in Full House
“Really? No way! Really? No way! Really? No way! Really? No way!” —Clarissa Darling in Clarissa Explains It All
“Either this kid has a lightbulb up his butt or his colon has a great idea.” —Dr. Perry Cox in Scrubs
“God knows I couldn’t love them more, but even the Kennedys didn’t get together as much as this family.” —Jay Pritchett in Modern Family
“I totaled your Mastercard!” —Hilary in The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
“You can’t eat this soup standing up. Your knees buckle.” —Jerry Seinfeld in Seinfeld
“I want painful, difficult, devastating, life-changing, extraordinary love.” —Olivia Pope in Scandal
“All I understood was that she was the girl I sat up every night thinking about and when I’m with her I feel happy to be alive, like I can do anything, even talk to you like this. So that’s what I think is love—when I’m better because she’s here.” —Cory Matthews in Boy Meets World
“Hey, I have a huge dilemma that I need your opinion on. Am I more beautiful today than I was yesterday?” —Lorelai Gilmore in Gilmore Girls
“I revealed too much too soon. I was emotionally slutty.” —Carrie Bradshaw in Sex and the City
“Maybe we both felt we’d already come too far too fast. Maybe we both realized that growing updoesn’t have to be so much a straight line as a series of advances and retreats.” —Kevin Arnold in The Wonder Years
“Phoebe, I love you and I don’t know what’s going on, but maybe I could help. Would you like me to kill someone for you?” —Cole Turner in Charmed
“Does Elena enjoy having both of you worship at her altar?” —Katherine Pierce in The Vampire Diarie

Whoever established the high road and how high it should be should be fired.” — Sandra Bullock 
“Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?” — George Carlin
“If I’m not back in five minutes, just wait longer.” — Ace Ventura, “Ace Ventura: Pet Detective”
“I like my money where I can see it: hanging in my closet.” —Carrie Bradshaw, “Sex and the City”
“The suspense is terrible. I hope it’ll last.” — Willy Wonka, “Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory”
“Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?” — Robin Williams 
“Don’t be so humble — you're not that great.” ― Golda Meir
“If you can’t be kind, at least be vague.” ― Judith Martin
“There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.” ― Oscar Wilde, “The Picture of Dorian Gray”
“Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.” ― Oscar Wilde
“Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker.” ― Ogden Nash, “Reflections on Ice Breaking”
“In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra.” — Fran Lebowitz
“Instant gratification takes too long.” ― Carrie Fisher
“Accept who you are. Unless you’re a serial killer.” — Ellen DeGeneres
“Whoever said that money can’t buy happiness, simply didn’t know where to go shopping.” ― Bo Derek
“Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, you'll be a mile from them, and you'll have their shoes.” — Jack Handy
“I’m not great at the advice — can I interest you in a sarcastic comment?” — Chandler Bing, “Friends”
“I’m sick of following my dreams, man. I’m just going to ask where they’re going and hook up with ’em later.” ― Mitch Hedberg
“I’d love to stand here and talk with you ... but I’m not going to.” — Phil Connors, “Groundhog Day”
“All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn’t hurt.” ― Charles M. Schulz
“People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made.” — Joan Rivers
“I’m not offended by blonde jokes because I know I’m not dumb … and I also know that I’m not blonde.” —Dolly Parton
“It is useless to try to hold a person to anything he says while he’s madly in love, drunk, or running for office.” — Shirley MacLaine
“I remember it like it was yesterday. Of course, I don’t really remember yesterday all that well.” — Dory, “Finding Dory” 
“The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.” ― Terry Pratchett, “Diggers”
“To call you stupid would be an insult to stupid people! I’ve known sheep that could outwit you. I’ve worn dresses with higher IQs.” — Wanda, “A Fish Called Wanda"
“Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.” ― Isaac Asimov
“The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.” ― George Carlin
“I’m not superstitious … but I am a little stitious.” — Michael Scott, “The Office”
“Here’s something to think about: How come you never see a headline like ‘Psychic Wins Lottery’?” — Jay Leno
“If God wanted us to bend over he would put diamonds on the floor.” — Joan Rivers

“Just taught my kids about taxes by eating 38% of their ice cream.” — Conan O’Brien
“I’m sure wherever my Dad is, he’s looking down on us. He’s not dead, just very condescending.” — Jack Whitehall
“Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow Internet to see who they really are.” — Will Ferrell
“I’d like to have a kid, but I’m not sure I’m ready to spend 10 years of my life constantly asking someone where his shoes are.” — Damien Fahey
“I want my children to have all the things I couldn’t afford. Then I want to move in with them.” — Phyllis Diller
“My husband and I fell in love at first sight. Maybe I should have taken a second look.” — Halley Reed, “Crimes and Misdemeanors” 
“When my kids become wild and unruly, I use a nice, safe playpen. When they’re finished, I climb out.” ― Erma Bombeck

“When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.” ― Rodney Dangerfield
“As I learned from growing up, you don’t mess with your grandmother.” — Prince William
“I’m not insane. My mother had me tested.” —Sheldon Cooper, “The Big Bang Theory”
“I love being married. It’s so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.” — Rita Rudner
“Good parenting means investing in your child’s future, which is why I am saving to buy mine a hoverboard someday.” — Lin-Manuel Miranda
“Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them.” ― P. J. O’Rourke

“When your children are teenagers, it’s important to have a dog so that someone in the house is happy to see you.” — Nora Ephron
“You can kid the world, but not your sister.” ― Charlotte Gray
“I generally avoid temptation unless I can’t resist it.” ― Mae West
“There is no such thing as fun for the whole family.” — Jerry Seinfeld
“If you cannot get rid of the family skeleton, you may as well make it dance.” ― George Bernard Shaw, “Immaturity”

The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.” — George Carlin
“The man who says his wife can’t take a joke, forgets that she took him.” — Oscar Wilde
“Love is blind but marriage is a real eye-opener.” — Pauline Thomason
“Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.” — George Burns
“Everybody wants to save the Earth; nobody wants to help Mom do the dishes.” ― P.J. O’Rourke, “All the Trouble in the World”
“The best way to get most husbands to do something is to suggest that perhaps they’re too old to do it.” — Shirley MacLaine

“Everything you do irritates me. And when you’re not here, the things I know you’re gonna do when you come home, irritate me.” — Oscar Madison, “The Odd Couple”
“There are only two things I can’t stand in this world: People who are intolerant of other people’s cultures, and the Dutch.” — Nigel Powers, “Austin Powers in Goldmember”
“I thought moms were supposed to be nice and sweet and patient. I know loan sharks that are more forgiving than you. Your husband ain’t dead, lady, he’s hiding.” — Gus, “The Ref”
“No one lives forever, no one. But with advances in modern science and my high-level income, I mean, it’s not crazy to think I can’t live to 245, maybe 300.” — Ricky Bobby, “Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby”
“If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball.” — Patches O’Houlihan, “Dodgeball”
“This is serious. I just sharted.” — Sandy Lyle, “Along Came Polly”
“These men have taken a vow of celibacy, like their fathers and their fathers before them ...” — Topper Harley, “Hot Shots! Part Deux”
“I’m not the first guy who fell in love with a woman that he met at a restaurant who turned out to be the daughter of a kidnapped scientist, only to lose her to her childhood lover who she last saw on a deserted island, who then turned out fifteen years later to be the leader of the French underground.” — Nick Rivers, “Top Secret”

“The aging process is not gradual or gentle. It rushes up, pushes you over, and runs off laughing.” — John Mortimer
“Anyone can be confident with a full head of hair. But a confident bald man — there’s your diamond in the rough.” — Larry David
“You know you’re getting old when you get that one candle on the cake. It’s like, ‘See if you can blow this out.’” — Jerry Seinfeld
“Fighting aging is like the War on Drugs. It’s expensive, does more harm than good, and has been proven to never end.” — Amy Poehler
“I’m at an age when my back goes out more than I do.” — Phyllis Diller
“People say, ‘How you stay looking so young?’ I say, well, good lighting, good doctors, and good makeup.” — Dolly Parton
“You know you’re getting old when the candles cost more than the cake.” — Bob Hope
“My mother always used to say, ‘The older you get, the better you get. Unless you’re a banana.’” ― Rose Nylund, “Golden Girls”
“You know you’re getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you’re down there.” ― George Burns
“People say, ‘But Betty, Facebook is a great way to connect with old friends.’ Well, at my age, if I want to connect with old friends, I need a Ouija board.” —Betty White
“A good rule to remember for life is that when it comes to plastic surgery and sushi, never be attracted by a bargain.” — Graham Norton
“I saw a study that said speaking in front of a crowd is considered the number one fear of the average person. Number two was death. This means to the average person, if you have to be at a funeral, you would rather be in the casket than doing the eulogy.” — Jerry Seinfeld
“Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you’ve got to start young.” — Theodore Roosevelt
 “You know you’ve reached middle age when you’re cautioned to slow down by your doctor, instead of by the police.” — Joan Rivers
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It’s the transition that’s troublesome.” ― Isaac Asimov
“As you get older, three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can’t remember the other two.” ― Norman Wisdom
“Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.” — Redd Foxx
“Always go to other people’s funerals, otherwise they won’t come to yours.” ― Yogi Berra, “When You Come to a Fork in the Road, Take It!: Inspiration and Wisdom from One of Baseball’s Greatest Heroes”
“I was surprised when I started getting old. I always thought it was one of those things that would happen to someone else.” — George Carlin
“The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.” — Lucille Ball
“Age is something that doesn’t matter, unless you are a cheese.” ― Luis Buñuel
“It must be around forty, when you’re “over the hill.” I don’t even know what that means and why it’s a bad thing. When I go hiking and I get over the hill, that means I’m past the hard part and there’s a snack in my future. That’s a good thing as far as I’m concerned.” — Ellen DeGeneres
“Old age is always fifteen years older than I am.” — Oliver Wendell Holmes
“When I was a boy, the Dead Sea was only sick.” — George Burns
“Nobody told you what a drag it was, getting older. Or at least, people did tell you, but you ignored them, because they were old.” — Mick Herron, “The Secret Hours”
“My ability to turn good news into anxiety is rivaled only by my ability to turn anxiety into chin acne.” ― Tina Fey, “Bossypants”
“Reality continues to ruin my life.” ― Bill Watterson, “The Complete Calvin and Hobbes”
“Even if I wanted to go, my schedule wouldn’t allow it. 4:00, wallow in self pity; 4:30, stare into the abyss; 5:00, solve world hunger, tell no one; 5:30, Jazzercise; 6:30, dinner with me — I can’t cancel that again; 7:00, wrestle with my self-loathing...I’m booked.” — The Grinch, “How the Grinch Stole Christmas”
“Sometimes you lie in bed at night and you don’t have a single thing to worry about. That always worries me!” — Charlie Brown
“When I’m in social situations, I always hold onto my glass. It makes me feel comfortable and secure, and I don’t have to shake hands.” — Larry David
“My friends tell me I have an intimacy problem. But they don’t really know me.” — Garry Shandling
“People can’t drive you crazy if you don’t give them the keys.” —Mike Bechtle
“People waste their time pondering whether a glass is half empty or half full. Me, I just drink whatever’s in the glass.” — Sophia Petrillo, “The Golden Girls”
“Spend some time this weekend on home improvement; improve your attitude toward your family.” — Bo Bennett
“From the ages of 8-18, me and my family moved around a lot. Mostly we would just stretch, but occasionally one of us would actually get up to go to the fridge.” — Jarod Kintz
“Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.” — Elbert Hubbard
“I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.” ― Edgar Allan Poe
“Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self-esteem, first make sure that you are not, in fact, just surrounding yourself with a------s.” — William Gibson
“My therapist says I’m afraid of success. I guess I could understand that, because after all, fulfilling my potential would really cut into my sitting-around time.” — Maria Bamford
“The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.” ― James Branch Cabell, “The Silver Stallion”
“Why can’t you just be happy for me and then go home and talk behind my back later like a normal person?” —Lillian Donovan, “Bridesmaids”
“Never keep up with the Joneses. Drag them down to your level. It’s cheaper.” ― Quentin Crisp
“I told my doctor I broke my arm in two places. He told me to keep out of those places.” — Rodney Dangerfield
“I’m not crazy — I’ve just been in a very bad mood for 40 years.” — Ouiser Boudreaux, “Steel Magnolias”
“Sometimes the appropriate response to reality is to go insane.” — Philip K. Dick
“I never feel more alone than when I’m trying to put sunscreen on my back.” — Jimmy Kimmel
“Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I’m not there, I go to work.” — Robert Orben
“I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.” — Douglas Adams
“I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early.” ― Charles Lamb
“I like work. It fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours.” ― Jerome K. Jerome 
“When a man tells you that he got rich through hard work, ask him: ‘Whose?’” — Don Marquis
“By all means, move at a glacial pace. You know how that thrills me.” — Miranda Priestly, “The Devil Wears Prada”

“Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.” — George Carlin
“Trying is the first step toward failure.” — Homer Simpson, “The Simpsons”
“Work is the greatest thing in the world, so we should always save some of it for tomorrow.” — Don Herold
“By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work 12 hours a day.” — Robert Frost
“All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.” ― Mark Twain
“If it’s a good script I’ll do it. And if it’s a bad script, and they pay me enough, I’ll do it.” — George Burns

“Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?” — Edgar Bergen
“Adults are always asking children what they want to be when they grow up because they’re looking for ideas.” — Paula Poundstone
“When you’re good at something, you’ll tell everyone. When you’re great at something, they’ll tell you.” ― Walter Payton
“If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.” ― W.C. Fields
“The best way to appreciate your job is to imagine yourself without one.” — Oscar Wilde
“When in doubt, look intelligent.” — Garrison Keillor

“Anyone can do any amount of work, provided it isn’t the work he is supposed to be doing at that moment.” — Robert Benchley
“Employers are at their happiest on Mondays. Employees are at their happiest on Fridays.” ― Mokokoma Mokhonoana
“An office is a place to live life to the fullest, to the max. An office is a place where dreams come true.” — Michael Scott, “The Office”
“Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.” ― Rita Mae Brown, “Alma Mater”
“If you think your boss is stupid, remember: You wouldn’t have a job if he was any smarter.” ― John Gotti 
“A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof was to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.” — Douglas Adams

“The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.” — Vince Lombardi 
“If hard work is the key to success, most people would rather pick the lock.” — Claude MacDonald
“I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it.” ― Bill Gates
 “When I was growing up, I always wanted to be someone. Now I realize I should have been more specific.” — Lily Tomlin
“Doing nothing is very hard to do…you never know when you’re finished.” — Leslie Nielsen
“I’m not the smartest fellow in the world, but I can sure pick smart colleagues.” ― Franklin D. Roosevelt

“It’s just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.” ― Muhammad Ali
“It’s a shame that the only thing a man can do for eight hours a day is work. He can’t eat for eight hours; he can’t drink for eight hours; he can’t make love for eight hours. The only thing a man can do for eight hours is work.” — William Faulkner 
“Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.” ― Mark Twain
“If you had to identify in one word the reason why the human race has not achieved and never will achieve its full potential, that word would be ‘meetings.’” — Dave Barry
“People say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day.” ― A.A. Milne, “Winnie-the-Pooh”
“No man goes before his time — unless the boss leaves early.” — Groucho Marx
1. “The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary. Men alone are quite capable of every wickedness.” - Joseph Conrad
2. “The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.” - Winston Churchill
3. “Try again, fail again. Fail better.” - Samuel Beckett
4. “Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world.” - Albert Einstein
5. “Birds sing after a storm. Why shouldn’t people feel as free to delight in whatever sunlight remains to them?” - Rose Kennedy
6. “Nothing is so common as the wish to be remarkable.” - William Shakespeare
7. “The question that sometimes drives me hazy: Am I, or the others crazy?” - Albert Einstein
8. “What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.” - Albert Pike
9. “In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” - Abraham Lincoln
10. “It has been said that time heals all wounds. I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue, and the pain lessens, but it is never gone.” - Rose Kennedy
11. “Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.” - Oscar Wilde
12. “Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of overcoming it.” - Helen Keller
13. “It’s not so important who starts the game, but who finishes it.” - Erich Fromm
14. “In order to learn the most important lessons in life, one must each day surmount a fear.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
15. “All secrets are deep. All secrets become dark. That’s in the nature of secrets.” - Corey Doctorrow
16. “The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living.” - Cicero
17. “There can be no good without evil.” - Russian proverb
18. “Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls. The most massive characters are seared with scars.” - Khalil Gibran
19. “Love all. Trust a few. Do wrong to none.” - William Shakespeare
20. “A woman must not depend upon the protection of man, but must be taught to protect herself.” - Susan B. Anthony
21. “We all die. The goal isn’t to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.” - Chuck Palahniuk
22. “We are all brothers under the skin, and I, for one, would be willing to skin humanity to prove it.” - Ayn Rand
23. “So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty.” - Haniel Long
24. “There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They are messengers of overwhelming grief and unspeakable love.” - Washington Irving
25. “Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.” - Sir Walter Scott
26. “Hope is the thing with feathers, that perches in the soul, and sings the tune without the words, and never stops at all.” - Emily Dickinson
27. “The single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has taken place.” - George Bernard Shaw
28. “No man chooses evil because it is evil. He only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.” - Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley
29. “The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart.” - Helen Keller
30. “And yet to every bad there’s a worse.” - Thomas Hardy
31. “Find the place inside where there’s joy, and the joy will burn out the pain.” - Joseph Campbell
32. “Love is giving someone the ability to destroy you, but trusting them not to.” - Unknown
33. “To the living, we owe respect. But to the dead, we owe only the truth.” - Voltaire
34. “One of the deep secrets in life is that all that is really worth doing is what we do for others.” - Lewis Carroll
35. “The greatest good you can do for another, is not to share your own riches, but to reveal to him, his own.” - Benjamin Disraeli
36. “The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life.” - Richard Bach
37. “Death ends a life, not a relationship.” - Mitch Albom
38. “There is no terror after the bang of the gun; only the anticipation in it.” - Alfred Hitchcock
39. “The universe doesn’t like the secrets. It conspires to reveal the truth to lead you to it.” - Lisa Unger
40. “Forgiveness does not change the past but it does enlarge the future.” - Paul Boese
41. “Beware the fury of a patient man.” - John Dryden
42. “When you look into an abyss... The abyss looks into you.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
43. “There is no footprint too small to leave an imprint on this world.” - Unknown
44. “It is more important to know what sort of person has a disease than to know what sort of disease a person has.” - Hippocrates
45. “I remained too much in my head and ended up losing my mind.” - Edgar Allan Poe
46. “Just because everything’s different doesn’t mean anything has changed.” - Irene Peter
47. “We knew the world would not be the same. Some people laughed. A few people cried. Most people were silent.” - J. Robert Oppenheimer
48. “Getting rid of a delusion makes us wiser than getting hold of the truth.” - Ludwig Börne
49. “Deep vengeance is the daughter of deep silence.” - Vittorio Alfieri
50. “Naïveté in grown-ups is often charming. But when coupled with vanity, it is indistinguishable from stupidity.” - Eric Hoffer
51. “There is a fellowship more quiet even than solitude, and which rightly understood, is solitude made perfect.” - Robert Louis Stevenson
52. “How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.” - Wayne Dyer
53. “Our moral responsibility is not to stop the future, but to shape it. To channel our destiny in humane directions and to ease the trauma of transition.” - Alvin Toffler
54. “Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.” - John F. Kennedy
55. “When it comes to life, we spin our own yarn. And where we end up is really in fact where we always intended to be.” - Julia Glass
56. “Remove my sin and I will be clean. Wash me and I will be whiter than snow.” - Psalm 51
57. “Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not, and oftentimes we call a man cold when he is only sad.” - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
58. “As life runs on, the road grows strange with faces new and near the end, the milestones into headstones change, ‘neath every one a friend.” - James Russell Lowell
59. “The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.” - Harriet Beecher Stowe
60. “When a good man is hurt, all who would be called good must suffer with him.” - Euripides
61. “The truth is rarely pure and never simple.” - Oscar Wilde
62. “Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” - Henry Ford
63. “We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility of our future.” - George Bernard Shaw
64. “Your memory is a monster. It summons with will of its own. You think you have a memory but it has you.” - John Irving
65. “It is the man’s own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.” - Buddha
66. “The world will not be destroyed by those who do evil, but by those who watch without doing anything.” - Albert Einstein
67. “Life is about choices. Some we regret. Some we’re proud of. We are what we choose to be.” - Graham Brown
68. “Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.” - Aristotle
69. “Courage is grace under pressure.” - Ernest Hemingway
70. “It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.” - Tony Robbins
71. “The world is so unpredictable. Things happen suddenly, unexpectedly. We want to feel we’re in control of our own existence. In some ways we are, in some ways we’re not. We are ruled by the forces of chance and coincidence.” - Paul Auster
72. “And think not that you can direct the course of love. For love finds you worthy directs your course.” - Khalil Gibran
73. “All sins tend to be addictive. And the terminal point of addiction is damnation.” - W.H. Auden
74. “Ghosts were created when the first man woke in the night.” - J.M. Barrie
75. “We are all sharks, circling, and waiting for traces of blood to appear in the water.” - Allan Clark
76. “To a father nothing is dearer than a daughter.” - Euripides
77. “You can chain me, you can torture me, you can even destroy this body but you will never imprison my mind.” - Mahatma Gandhi
78. “Guilt is perhaps the most painful companion of death.” - Coco Chanel
79. “The enemies are within the gates. It is with our own luxury, our own folly, our own criminality that we have to contend.” - Marcus Tullius Cicero
80. “The clock talked loud. I threw it away. It scared me when it talked.” - Tillie Olsen
81. “Just as the constant increase of entropy is the basic law of the universe, so it is the basic law of life to struggle against entropy.” - Vaclav Havel
82. “To educate a person in the mind but not in morals is to educate a menace to society.” - Theodore Roosevelt
83. “A man’s very highest moment is, I have no doubt at all, when he kneels in the dust and beats his breast and tells all the sins of his life.” - Oscar Wilde
84. “The heart of a mother is a deep abyss, at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness.” - Honoré de Balzac
85. “The influence of a mother in the lives of her children is beyond calculation.” - James E. Faust
86. “By the will art thou lost, by the will art thou found, by the will art thou free, captive, and bound.” - Angelus Silesius
87. “Revenge is an act of passion, vengeance of justice.” - Samuel Johnson
88. “The darkness always lies.” - Anthony Liccione
89. “You see what power is - holding someone else’s fear in our hand and showing it to them.” - Amy Tan
90. “No man really knows about other human beings. The best he can do is to suppose that they are like himself.” - John Steinbeck
91. “The sea is dangerous and its storms terrible, but these obstacles have never been sufficient reason to remain ashore.” - Ferdinand Magellan
92. “God sometimes takes us into troubled waters, not to drown us, but to cleanse us.” - Unknown
93. “We all have a monster within; the difference is in degree, not in kind.” - Douglas Preston
94. “Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.” - Soren Kirkegaard
95. “You can’t connect the dots looking forward. You can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that they will somehow connect in your future.” - Steve Jobs
96. “People like to say that the conflict is between good and evil. The real conflict is between truth and lies.” - Don Miguel Ruiz
97. “Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.” - Anonymous
98. “We live in a fantasy world, a world of illusion. The great task in life is to find reality.” - Iris Murdoch
99. “The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned.” - Maya Angelou
100. “The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other’s life.” - Richard Bach
101. “Man is not what he thinks he is. He is what he hides.” - André Malraux
102. “History has a way of altering villains so that we can no longer see ourselves in them.” - Adam Serwer
103. “We serial killers are your sons, we are your husbands, we are everywhere. And there will be more of your children dead tomorrow.” - Ted Bundy
104. “The tragedy of life is not death, but what we let die inside of us while we live.” - Norman Cousins
105. “Beware the fury of a patient man.” - John Dryden
106. “The heart wants what it wants, or else it doesn’t care.” - Emily Dickinson
107. “A powerful monster, living down, in the darkness, growled in pain, impatient.” - Beowulf
108. “Through pride, we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.” - Carl Jung
109. “Betrayal is the only truth that sticks.” - Arthur Miller
110. “All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.” - Toni Morrison
111. “Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.” - Arthur Schopenhauer
112. “Good can exist without evil, whereas evil cannot exist without good.” - Thomas Aquinas

